Add some more contributor docs (#1813)
Microsoft/WebTemplateStudio: docs/contributing/getting-started-developers.md

- [Debugger for Chrome](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msjsdiag.debugger-for-chrome)
- [Debugging in Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging)

## Troubleshooting
You may encounter some issues when using or developing in WebTS. It could be due to folder permissions, missing to create the Template packages,... Find below a list of folders that you may be interested in visiting and removing if this happens to you.

You need permissions to write on the following folder, as `WebTS` creates a *WebTS* folder there. A `Logs` and `Templates` folder will be created here when running `Web Template Studio`.

> 

Reviewer: We should add some info about the template cache too. 

The template cache is located in the **.templateengine** folder. Template caches are isolated by environment.

```
Mac: /Users/[username]/.local/share
Linux: //home/[username]/.local/share
Windows:  %LocalAppData%
```
If it´s not an issue with permissions you can retrieve further information on the logs inside that folder. For example: in Windows: `%LocalAppData%` + `/WebTS/Logs`

> Template engine may be missing execute permissions on the following ones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web Template Studio may be missing execute permissions on the following ones:
```
